[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a thriller film the
prodigy
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
a woman covered in blood escapes from a
house in the middle of nowhere
she runs to the highway and is saved by
a kind-hearted woman
the poor woman was kidnapped by a serial
killer who has a fetishism for hands
she managed to escape after her right
hand is taken by the killer
she tells the police where the killer
lives soon the police come and surround
the killer's house
moments later the killer walks out of
the house naked
the police shoot him immediately because
they thought he was going to take out a
gun
when they approach they realize it is
not a gun but a woman's right hand
at the time of the killer's death john's
wife sarah goes into premature labor
their son miles was born with blood
marks surprisingly similar to the ones
on the killer's chest
the couple adores this baby boy whose
pupils have different colors
miles is very different from an ordinary
kid since he was born
when he is four months old he doesn't
cry during an injection
what's more he can even utter some
simple words which surprises the doctor
the doctor thinks miles is a prodigy
sarah is very proud of her smart boy
so she begins to educate him very early
when miles is five
he receives an iq test the result of
which shows that his iq
is much higher than the ordinary kids
the doctor suggests he should go to a
school for gifted kids
however his development of empathy lags
behind his peers
blinded by the joy of having a genius
kid sarah doesn't take it seriously
when miles turns eight they find him a
babysitter
one night the babysitter turns off the
tv as his mother required
which annoys miles miles tricks the
unsuspecting babysitter into going down
to the basement
the babysitter steps onto some sharp
objects and falls down the stairs
breaking her leg when miles is
questioned by his mom
he feels innocent and claims no memory
of that
one night sarah sees miles talking in
his sleep but she doesn't understand a
word
she is a bit worried so she records him
talking
when miles wakes up sarah asks him if he
had a bad dream
much to her surprise he says he had a
nice dream
not long after something worse happens
in school miles attacks a classmate with
a wrench
simply because that kid refuses to
exchange partner with him
sarah is frightened by her son's violent
behavior
so she brings miles to a psychiatrist
and turns over the tape of his sleep
talking
the psychiatrist is not sure what
happened to miles
she suspects that miles might suffer
some kind of abuse
coincidentally sarah's husband was
abused when he was young
but when confronted that night a husband
denies that he has ever touched miles
the couple then fall into an argument
sarah is awake the whole night
when she goes to check miles she sees
miles as talking gibberish
in his sleep again more disturbingly
when waking up
miles tells mom that there is another
man living in his head
after listening to the tape of miles of
sleep talking the psychiatrist tells
about miles to her friend
an expert on reincarnation days later
sarah goes to meet the expert who tells
her what miles speaks in his dream in a
rare dialect
and the words have horrible meaning
sarah finds it hard to believe
to persuade sarah the expert tells her a
similar case he encountered in
india but sarah still doesn't want to
believe the so-called rebirth
especially when she hears that the
spirit that intends to take over mills
is evil
she feels insulted a lot by that the
expert and the psychiatrist are worried
about miles
because they know if they don't help the
spirit fulfill what it hasn't finished
soon miles body will be completely
controlled by the spirit
however sarah refuses their help and
returns home in anger
while playing games with miles at home
sarah notices that there's a change in
miles behavior
and the way he looks at her and touches
her hand
in fear and confusion sarah plays the cd
the expert gave to her
sarah's husband comes into the bedroom
and sees it he thinks it's all nuts
later sarah sees miles's face changes
into an adult's face
which makes her more nervous one day
miles secretly sharpens a pair of
scissors intending to use it for some
unknown reason
not long after her dog is missing john
asks miles to look for the dog with him
but miles ignores him focusing on
playing his games
john shuts down the tv and takes miles
out with him
miles doesn't seem to be concerned about
the dog at all
he even tells jon that everyone is going
to die one day even
john as a father john doesn't like miles
talking to him like that
he stops the car and tells him off
somehow miles starts to talk about
john's abusive childhood
which astonishes john greatly because
neither he nor sarah has ever told him
about it
at home don happens to find miles has
been recording their bedroom with a baby
monitor
john is so angry that he is going to
teach miles a lesson
sarah stops him and lets him stay in a
friend's place until he calms down
when sarah is bathing miles she's
terrified to see it happens more often
that miles's body is controlled by the
spirit that night sarah has a bad dream
when she wakes up she sees that miles is
standing silent at the door
she lets miles sleep with her suddenly
sarah finds a lot of flies in the house
she follows the flies to the basement
and finds dried blood on the floor
miles apologizes while helping sarah
open a board under the cabinet
there they find the dog's body sarah
can't stand it anymore
therefore she brings miles to the expert
again
the expert asks sarah to stand outside
of the room while he hypnotizes miles
during the session miles threatens the
expert to stop it
otherwise he will accuse the expert of
molestation
at first the expert refuses to follow
his words
but when he hears the spirit's evil plan
he finally compromises
after telling sarah the regression
didn't work and seeing her off according
to the spirit's instruction
the expert finds the name edward carved
into his couch by miles
he realizes that it might be the clue
left by the little miles
about the spirit living inside sarah
drives miles home
and sees john is waiting at the garage
john tells sarah that he finds miles a
reforms school
sarah doesn't want to send miles there
but she doesn't know what else she can
do
at midnight sarah receives a call from
the expert
the expert shows his real worries and
tells her about the name edward
upon searching the name sarah's
astonished to find edward was a serial
killer
who had the same colors of pupils as
miles what's more
he died just a few minutes before miles
was born all of which implicates that
her son is not a prodigy at all
but just a poor boy possessed by an
adult soul
sarah also learns that edward killed
nine women and cut their hands off for
collection
the tenth victim escaped before he
killed her who now publishes her
experience
while she is still on the phone she
hears something and goes for a check
but it is just her husband standing on
the stairs
the next day they take miles to the
school bus as usual
then john picks up miles from school
after one hour and plans to send him to
the facility
while sarah is packing up for miles at
home she finds the book published by the
survivor
and other information in miles's closet
sarah suddenly realizes edward's
unfulfilled wish
is to kill the woman who escaped on
their way to the facility
miles who now is controlled by edward
cuts john's safety belt
and stabs him with a pair of scissors
the car loses control and hits a tree
causing jon to fall into a coma seeing
what happened to her husband
sarah decides to accept the expert's
suggestion helping edward finish what he
wants
so as to set her son free from his
control with that plan in mind
sarah asks miles to take pills to fall
asleep
later she finds the survivor and gains
her trust by pretending to be her fan
sarah loads her gun in the bathroom but
she doesn't have the heart to kill the
innocent woman
just then miles who is supposed to be
sleeping at home appears in front of the
woman with a knife in his hand
miles stabs the survivor and kills her
without any hesitation
after she died miles drops the knife and
runs out of the house
sarah chases after him and sees him
kneeling on the lane
at first sarah thought edward would
leave miles when he completes his wish
but she finds that edward is still
inside miles
much to her shock he tells her that
miles is long gone
hearing this sarah can't resist the
anger anymore and tries to shot the
demon who has her son's body
with the sound of a gunshot sarah
collapses instead
it turns out she is shot by a farmer
passing by who thought she was going to
kill the innocent boy
sarah tries to tell the truth but she
can't in the end
she dies with regret sometime later
miles is taken to a foster home when he
sees the hostess beautiful hands
he smiles creepily while miles stares
into a mirror
in his new home the mirror reflects the
horrible image of edward
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out